I Am The Victim
What a bunch of two-faced things
Changing your face is faster than flipping through a book
There is not a single piece of water in innocent water
I am innocent.
Listen to this.
Yancheng, Governor of the Wang Family of Baicheng
Righteousness
Right and wrong
corruption of business ethics
When you do these things
Be worthy of the identity of your peasant people
Why is that?
Take a good look at these people who colluded with Vortex Ren
Kill and confiscate
Never move a wry smile
Seeing the wind makes lazy and the evil one
Heavy sentence according to the circumstances
One who is expelled or retained
Part of the motivation
Not soon, thank you Mr. 7 for not killing
Thank you thank you thank you go away